[Music]
What's wrong with me kids, well tomorrow,
well you're watching this video today,
Monday, no, the end of the
Minecraft squid games, this series has been brutal, I
really say it, I think it has
been one of the best things they've done on this
tweeting platform, incredible, it has been
brutal, I loved being a part of
this series, I have nothing bad
to say, okay, the only thing to remember is that
on the main channel the
edited videos are uploaded, okay, Javi Oliveira, if I don't
forget, I'll be leaving it in a
pinned comment and on my
gameplay channel, well, upload the
entire live streams, well, all three because the fourth one,
when they handled my tweets, by the
way, tomorrow we'll talk with tweets, let's
see what happens with my new channel, I haven't been able to
solve anything over the weekend, but
on the gameplay channel you have the
live streams between the three entire live streams
where we play, okay, what a good time, what a
good time, I'm
bringing back a little jump from the second-to-last day and it seems that
due to a misunderstanding, they have been accusing
Ari of doing, as they would say, meta gaming
M&G meta, of looking at the screen from the chat it's
not like Charles was giving
clues about what he had to do and what he should
n't, it's not [ __ ] in this game you ca
n't throw it in even if you wanted to you can't take into
account what
the chat is telling you because it's not going to
help you at all
here it's just another drop of water they
are accusing her that you did how are you going to be
campa you don't understand you
offer attention fear
and that they are telling Ari that it is that
he cheated and that he is throwing it away hate
who knows who
because he cheated how is it going to be cheating
lo contention
pg or nacho rada because he really doesn't
need Elche's money in fact you
understand this prize if you are
playing because you want to have fun to
live the experience and it's better not to
be cheating to win the prize it's not a
chance I remember perfectly what happens
this is in the live of the 4th
that I don't have it because I have Vanessa the
tweet account in which there was
no way to recover the
Andorrans and he says well but if it's
not for the prize if it's because we
were talking like this because I
met her and we were talking
about  let the Andorrans get
on a team on the rope so there wouldn't
be danger and the others on other teams and
well but what does it matter but if it's for
having a good time I don't know that she's not going to
be cheating for this okay
what would have cheated would have happened
instead
maybe and what sounds to me is that
probably someone said it clearly and
then you know how this is someone says
something and then all the people repeat when they
shot me with tweets when they
handled my channel of tweets I was
seeing on twitter on twitter in the
live broadcasts of some colleagues
the live broadcasts of the live broadcasts of requires
the live device that people in the
chat when they asked why they had
way people were
putting it to them that they had handled me as a
streamer on youtube you know how how am I going to
do that if I had clear rules
that he didn't say it with manche we have one
tweet left - rival and you couldn't on top of
youtube it doesn't cross my mind and
really as I bathe I think it was
a mistake because I don't think I no longer consider
that he won or it's logical even if I
had committed we
would have  made ads that
were not allowed or something like that I think I don't think they were
wrong I think what I did
was perfectly legal but well we'll
talk about it tomorrow but in the case
of having the error I understand a slap on the
wrist a punishment but that I escaped in
the tweet account for that I mean
the level is as if I had committed
some terrorist act I had done something
super serious you understand why I
follow you on the channel of the jerk
but people were repeating that they
echoed like someone said it
all over the world saying that over there the
streams are not but the people of the chats
maybe each clip the group let's see
of these axes of human trafficking photo four
ok left a little bit it
's a
joke
I haven't seen move your eyes life
you go back a little bit this is a little bit
c3 a little bit there left
of this is fine from the chat it
's more look
and I in that test equally although I
looked at the chat I already tell you that what is
going to get from the chat since
the chat can tell you that they make you pass this
test I mean let's you can read Don
Quixote  and that it is not going to help you at all,
on the contrary, he would do more because what you have to
listen to is what
the partner is telling you to love
once and for all,
once and for all be immediately no no no
wait wait wait her
whole life has had her talk and you
can check transmissions her whole life
has had her talk there and in addition to
that I am sure that she prefers to
lose than to cheat, I am sure of course
second, I am
not going to download just in case because
I see little things there
a title
all the
and there is no more her
whole life has had her talk and list
all here I do not understand what is
recorded explain to me the comment box
the chassis has it where it is
looking right her whole life you
have to be careful with what
we decide I have always said it because if there is something that the
internet has it is that always
always for the slightest thing it is like a
snowball someone says something people
repeat the same thing and they will continue you have to
be careful we also have to take
into account that at that moment she
most likely had a lot of attention and
with all that attention
she literally spends her time watching the
chat all the time all the time she
was probably watching it was in
motorcycle mode or whatever people
there he didn't imagine his chat at that moment that there were also 100 thousand people it probably pisses me off because I know that it's obviously not what I'm saying family, I mean even if I look at the chat even if you look at the chat and they have that or any test the charter can actually help in anything
what could be confusing issues, for
example I put it in nickname mode
because as they said so clearly that you can't
do any type of meet and
greet I mean just in case someone
gives me some information about another string that
in fact I once missed
today this one is here today in the other one that he
did today and then the second he said don't
tell me don't tell me anything don't tell me you
know because you're crazy but the thing is that there is
literally nothing that can
help you in any test
almost nothing comes to mind that can
help you man let's see if there is someone who
is hiding in the night to
attack you from behind or something it's
something like that if they can warn you but in that
test where they have their eyes blindfolded on the
contrary what they can confuse you even more
then there is no way I would have
cheated and  what would happen if the
blond really isn't wise, a good company that isn't
going to cheat for any reason, makes us
think that that specific click, that
second tracing, I seem to be
implying how come you got caught out
by Ari,
but for now,
stop taking things out of context,
second-second clips, please, and stop
taking things out of context, three-second
clips, please,
the mouse, I have
n't done anything else,
you see a two-second clip and it's already
totally
crazy, at least a little bad, let's go a little,
at no time did he say that he
cheated,
review it again, watch it in full,
inform yourselves
here a little more here a little more
here, it's that there
are so many on top of that, ar, and that's the one he's
supported throughout the entire [ __ ]
tournament, in the last game, I've been saying the whole
time, what a shame, no way, no
way, the newcomer in life, in the end, we
celebrated his story because he
deserves it,
in that test, there would have been no
need to blindfold me because I can't see
a damn thing, he already declared, I'm telling you, okay,
but well, as a family, what do you think?
I would agree with me that there's no
way, I mean, there  There is no
meta gaming, the little words we are
used to, well family, to supporting
a lot, that I return to my
tweets channel although I think you can't do
anything more than subscribe to this channel and to
my main channel, Javier and Beira, I
send you a huge hug and I'll see you
tomorrow, okay, whatever happens, let me
know, a kiss
[Music]